Fix contradiction in the README.md (#19897)
facebook/react: packages/react-devtools-inline/README.md

This package exports two entry points: a frontend (to be run in the main `window`) and a backend (to be installed and run within an `iframe`<sup>1</sup>).

> The frontend and backend can be initialized in any order, but **the backend must not be activated until the frontend has been initialized**. Because of this, the simplest sequence is:

Author: ```suggestion
The frontend and backend can be initialized in any order, but **the backend must not be activated until the frontend initialization has completed**. Because of this, the simplest sequence is:
```
